1. You are given a binary tree of N nodes. How will you
  implement a level order traversal of this binary tree?
2. You are asked to implement a stack using two queues.
  How will you support standard stack operations in this
  case? Instead of two queues, can you implement a stack
  using one queue only as the underlying data structure?
3. You are given a non-decreasing array of N integer
  elements and an integer K. The task is to remove K
  elements from the array such that the maximum difference
  between adjacent elements is minimum.
4. You are given an array A of N integer elements and an
  integer value K. For each and every contiguous sub-array
  of size K of the original array A, find the maximum for
  that sub-array.
5. You are given an array of N integers with some of the
  elements being duplicates. The array values can range
  between 1 to N. You need to find the number of sub-arrays
  which start and end with the same element.
6. You are given an array containing two halves such that
  each half is sorted. Your task is to create a sorted array in
  place. What is the time and space complexity?
7. You are given a graph G represented by its vertices V and
  edges E. Given a pair of vertices (u,v), find all the paths
  between these two vertices in graph G.
8. You are given a set S of N integers. You are asked to find
  the power set of S. First assume that S does not contain any
  duplicates and derive your solution. If S contains duplicates,
  your resulting power set should not contain duplicate subsets.
  How do you find a solution for this case?
9. You are given a sentence S in which all white spaces
  between words have been removed so that words are
  NOT separated. For example, you are given a sentence S=
  “whatisthecapitalofIndia”. You are also given a dictionary
  containing all valid words. Can you create a valid word list
  for the sentence using the dictionary? This is basically the
  tokenisation problem in natural language processing for
  languages where words need not be separated by white spaces.
  What is the time and space complexity of your solution?
10. Given two strings S1 and S2, find how many times S2 can
  occur as a sub-string in S1.
